# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
audio-recorder-streamlit  0.0.8                    pypi_0    pypi
ca-certificates           2024.2.2             h8857fd0_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
dataclasses-json          0.5.14                   pypi_0    pypi
docstring-parser          0.15                     pypi_0    pypi
et-xmlfile                1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
faiss-cpu                 1.7.4                he781eb1_0    conda-forge
google-api-core           2.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
google-api-python-client  2.111.0                  pypi_0    pypi
google-auth               2.25.2                   pypi_0    pypi
google-auth-httplib2      0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
google-search-results     2.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
googleapis-common-protos  1.62.0                   pypi_0    pypi
huggingface-hub           0.20.1                   pypi_0    pypi
importlib-metadata        6.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
jaraco-context            4.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1                pypi_0    pypi
langchain-community       0.0.19                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain-core            0.1.21                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain-experimental    0.0.50                   pypi_0    pypi
langchainplus-sdk         0.0.20                   pypi_0    pypi
libfaiss-avx2             1.7.4            h1234567_0_cpu    conda-forge
llama-hub                 0.0.78                   pypi_0    pypi
llama-index               0.9.45                   pypi_0    pypi
llvm-openmp               17.0.6               hb6ac08f_0    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
more-itertools            10.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
msg-parser                1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
mypy-extensions           1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
nest-asyncio              1.5.8                    pypi_0    pypi
openai-whisper            20231117                 pypi_0    pypi
openapi-schema-pydantic   1.2.4                    pypi_0    pypi
pdfminer-six              20231228                 pypi_0    pypi
prompt-toolkit            3.0.43                   pypi_0    pypi
pyarrow-hotfix            0.6                      pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1-modules            0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-docx               1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
python-dotenv             1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
python-magic              0.4.27                   pypi_0    pypi
python-pptx               0.6.23                   pypi_0    pypi
pytz-deprecation-shim     0.1.0.post0              pypi_0    pypi
requests-file             1.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
rpds-py                   0.16.2                   pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
sentence-transformers     2.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
smart-open                6.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
spacy-legacy              3.0.12                   pypi_0    pypi
spacy-loggers             1.0.5                    pypi_0    pypi
stack-data                0.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
streamlit-chat            0.0.2.2                  pypi_0    pypi
trio-websocket            0.11.1                   pypi_0    pypi
typing-inspect            0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
yt-dlp                    2023.12.30               pypi_0    pypi
